Added secrets option to okteto manifest build section (#193)
okteto/docs: src/content/administration/dashboard.mdx

The Secrets section of the Admin dashboard lets you define cluster-wide secrets. Using the `$SECRET_NAME` syntax, you can refer to these secrets directly in your Okteto manifest. They are also injected into the [environment running](/docs/cloud/okteto-cli/#built-in-tools-when-deploying-to-okteto-cloud) the commands in the `deploy` section of the manifest.

> Secrets [defined by the user](/docs/cloud/secrets/) take precedence over the secrets defined here in case of a name collision.

> We recomment to use [build secrets](/docs/reference/manifest/#build-object-optional) to inject sensitive data into your Dockerfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using [build secrets](/docs/reference/manifest/#build-object-optional) to inject sensitive data into your Dockerfile.
```

Reviewer: I think this belongs in https://www.okteto.com/docs/cloud/secrets/ instead. What do you think @teresaromero ?

> For example, you can have the following okteto manifest to mount your `.env` file into your Dockerfile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below shows how to configure your okteto manifest to  mount a local `.env` file into your Dockerfile:
```

```yaml
build:
  api:
    context: .
    secrets:
      my_env: .env
```

> You can refer this secret from your Dockerfile like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can refer to this secret from your Dockerfile using the syntax below:
```

```
RUN --mount=type=secret,id=my_env,dst=/etc/secrets/.env cat /etc/secrets/.env
```

> And the content of the `.env` file would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content of the `.env` file would be:
```

The Secrets section of the Admin dashboard lets you define cluster-wide secrets. Using the `$SECRET_NAME` syntax, you can refer to these secrets directly in your Okteto manifest. They are also injected into the [environment running](/docs/cloud/okteto-cli/#built-in-tools-when-deploying-to-okteto-cloud) the commands in the `deploy` section of the manifest.

> Secrets [defined by the user](/docs/cloud/secrets/) take precedence over the secrets defined here in case of a name collision.

To inject these secrets into your Dockerfile, we recomment to use build secrets.

### Build Secrets Sample

> Build secrets is the recommended way to inject secrets into your Dockerfile build process.

Reviewer 2: This is where I struggle de most. Because they also work with the open source. Another option is an entry in the community and link it from the admin secrets, user secrets, and the build secrets docs

> Build secrets is the recommended way to inject secrets into your Dockerfile build process.

Reviewer: No, this should be an official doc, is not an edge case or something like that.

> Build secrets is the recommended way to inject secrets into your Dockerfile build process.

Reviewer: - [ ] We can rename Build Service to Build and them have multiple sections there for this, to explain the service, etc. and we can have entries in community for more specific of complex examples

For example, to mount your `.npmrc` file into your Dockerfile, you can have the following okteto manifest:

```yaml
build:
  api:
    context: .
    secrets:
      npmrc: .npmrc
```

The following Dockerfile:

```
FROM node:14

WORKDIR /usr/src/app
COPY package.json yarn.lock .

RUN --mount=type=secret,id=npmrc,dst=/root/.npmrc yarn install
```

And the content of the `.npmrc` file would be:

```

> registry=https://registry.npmjs.org/

Reviewer: This is too much indirection for a sample. I propose we do the following instead?
1. A simple sample on how to use build secrets to pass an API key or a secret string
2. This specific sample as a how to in community.okteto.com

Reviewer 2: Yes, I was thinking about that. A quick description in the build secrets docs, and this sample in the community
